Change request logging (#816)
gentics/mesh: CHANGELOG.adoc

* The support for the embedded Elasticsearch will be dropped in the future. It is highly recommended to link:{{< relref "elasticsearch.asciidoc" >}}#_dedicated_elasticsearch[setup Elasticsearch as a dedicated service].

[[v0.36.6]]
== 0.36.6 (10.07.2019)

> icon:check[] Core: Request logging now uses the link:https://vertx.io/docs/apidocs/io/vertx/ext/web/handler/LoggerFormat.html#SHORT[short format], which also shows how long the response took.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
icon:check[] Core: Request logging now uses the link:https://vertx.io/docs/apidocs/io/vertx/ext/web/handler/LoggerFormat.html#SHORT[short format], which also shows how much time the the response took to complete.
```
